The 65th Diamond Stakes g 3
Hadano 3400m line handicap race race horse 16
Post it to the house started Start gave me some 16th Fame game
At first we will jump out with the major presence book first and leave as it is
The first 3 corners of the 11th champagne called "Champa"
curve
Riva New 9th New Dynasty 3rd fastest but he has 13th
Front and flight This went up to third place and fifth place 12th power industrial stealth
34 corner middle
Then 14th Taisei dream and 1 Umami half 38 No. dub is blue Mr. fleet
It was put in the position to chase also before interruption
Part 2 Horseback behind the 15th Fata morgana Today is the third from the outside black diamond interrupted
Go up to the front
Tomorrow interrupted Poten and Stella Wind's first 4 corner curves
After that with taking 1 Umami semi-Sa seventh cam fees and Fame game of the outside No. 16
I entered home straight
In the rear group g1 of the 4 army 4 out of 4 or Noe Pollette then 1 horse 5
Simone Runner Highest Peak 2 Bam Samba
New No. 6 of card Buressa is Come 1000m the First continue to pass beneath the
At the same time , the large black diamond was separated from the outside at a stretch from the outside at the front and stood in front
Passage
From among the second fastest 14th Taisei Dream third hand Champagne of 1 Umami half lead No. 11
Once again we pushed the 15th Fata morgana from outside the major presence
The 13th ad behind it
It is before outfield fly and interruption It has become accustomed If the net changes, each one corner carbo
I went around
In the battle, the 3rd black diamond horse and half lead
11th Champagne is 2nd and 3rd is the 14th Ohnishi Dolly is rising
Among the major presence corner mark, it is 4th but out 15
Fata morgana
2 around the corner I hear a third place from me is fourth fastest
The subsequent group No. 9 New Dynasty is the innermost
Outside 13th Admeyer flight and further outside 12th history 3 stealth
It was put in facing and was easy to hit from Dylan's sera wind from here to the top 5
It is only horsetail
After that two horse- legs watching these while watching 8 Love's Boucher
And at home
4th or noe pollet was lined up from the corner of the corner of the 16th Fame game interruption which entered
After that, the 7th camfee martial arts top middle
Of 3-throw first and fifth the No. 10 was but the house from the rear Simon Tornare highest peak 60000
Cardo Blesser
It is a list of 78 horses from front to back
I will head to the 3 corner curve The battle is the third place black diamond
The lead 1 Umami second fastest 11th Champagnat flow of
We cut line meter around behalf does not have Mr. coder
No. 9 Yudai Nasty is slightly third fastest from along the inner Karachi is outside the 14th Onishi Delibes
The remote islands are lined up and it will move from the 15th Fatahmorgana 34 outside
While calling
In the meantime, outside the first major presence , head to the 12th Stealth 4th Coder
It is the eighth out of a group of horses with Boucher
Furthermore, the 13th ad Mailer flight is also a complete list of launch
Sera window of discussion in the inner interruption port of the previous horse group
My husband and 16th of Fame game aiming for consecutive wins was Dashii' to correspond eyes interruption bug
There is no 12th of the force-producing stealth facing the proud Miki's raw mathematics Badesu Come straight line remaining 400
Cut up this time and come up the slope in the 15th Fata morgana battle
Stella window third of No. 2 that went out outside the third place black diamond bite down along the inner rachi
The second camber from 7 and even the seventh cam princess
The 16th fame game ran into the open house space
The game version of the 160,000 fame game order Fata morgana
The top third is a close game
Fame Game Succession Success: 110th Fata morgana, 3 gods after that
Battle of No. 7 Hall peppers Mototamago cultural standard and out
The third neo bra stuck to the lining
Dark I'm
[musics]
Hmm
me